Lit/React – Wraps `ref` in a stable callback (#4335)
lit/lit: .changeset/violet-bugs-return.md

---
"@lit/react": patch
---

> Lit/React – Wraps `ref` in a stable callback

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use a stable callback for passing the forwarded `ref` to the underlying custom element.
```

Author: Sorry, didn't see this suggestion but I amended it anyway!

Reviewer: Your amendment was much better, thank you!
